I feel like this belongs in r/nottheonion ...
I assumed that’s where it was when I clicked on it tbh.
People get exposed to background radiations levels every day. Water is good at absorbing radiation.

The people of Japan get a lot more radiation from all of the coal they burn. They stupidly decided to switch to more coal after Fukushima.

Some day people will look back and shake their heads at how stupid everyone was.
If we make it that far
well im doing it right now
It's tritium. That means it'll go into the water cycle and the food chain, so no, water is not good at "absorbing" it at all, whatever that is supposed to mean. Also, releasing fly ash from coal plants into the atmosphere is not something that happens in developed countries any more.
At the concentrations that tritium will quickly achieve in the ocean, this is a no nevermind.
Except that it will be concentrated within the food chain. And we're taking about a whole load of tritium here.
No, because tritium does not bioconcentrate. Since it exists as water (a molecule or HTO, where the T is a tritium atom), it moves wherever the water moves and actually diffuses in natural systems rather than concentrate. It simply moves through the body.

For example, if a radiological worker accidentally ingests tritium, they are given the "six pack cure". Go home, drink a bunch of beer, and our out that tritium.

In the ocean, diffusion will occur quickly.
The concern is regarding tritium, which is not part of background radiation. So there is a valid point being made, but the risk of harm I believe can be distorted by equating all radioactive material to the same level of biological damage. But given it’s an extremely low energy beta radiation emitter, and an isotope of hydrogen, it’s about as harmless as radionuclides come.
Makes me think we heading for the ghost in the shell ending
The right question is to ask what exactly will that day be like
And you may ask yourself, why does this fish have three eyes?   
And you may ask yourself, where does this toxic waste go?  
And you may find yourself waiting on the floor of an ontological ward,  
And you may ask yourself, well, how did I get here?
Letting the days go by, let the water hold me down  
Letting the days go by, water flowing underground  
Into the blue again, into the silent water  
Under the rocks and stones, there is water underground...
[deleted]
>There is more dangerous tap water in America

Not the best argument:)
I agree with you on the rest. As long as no food chain bioconcentration is going on, the local salinty and heat gradient is more likely to be an issue
It was already posted there
Came here to say this
Because it is nonsense?
Have any of you actually read the article? Do you know anything at all about radiological hazards? Maybe do a little research (even just reading the article) before parroting the "any radiation is bad" line...

This is one of the worst titles I've read on this sub... they are not dumping waste, they are dumping treated cooling water...
This is the sticking point mentioned in the article:

“Nonetheless, the information seen by the panel showed less than 1% of the tanks of wastewater had been treated and less than 20% had been adequately sampled, Richmond says.”
Notably, a thing that happens *all the time* during the plant's operation.  

We're running into a similar situation as this in the decommissioning of Pilgrim nuclear powerplant in South-Eastern Mass.  

A group is opposing the release of the remaining cooling water, and doomsaying about how it will destroy our fishing industry.
cooling water is not radioactive. it's just warm. big difference.  https://www.fisheries.noaa.gov/west-coast/science-data/fukushima-radiation-us-west-coast-tuna
“Thermal radiation” sounds cooler tho
makes me think of getting a sun tan
Perhaps I'm confused, but I know tritium was found leeching from Pilgrim during operation.  It's one of the major reasons groups formed to protest against renewing their operating license 15 years ago or so. 

I actually work out of the same building as one of the non-profits doing that monitoring, although the group has been dormant long before I started working there.  We just have a lot of their merch still in a back office.  

I do know that NOAA and DMF have conducted shellfish sampling in the area and found no indication of increased radiation levels though.  One person testified in a recent decommissioning panel meeting that they even sample shellfish from the discharge canal.

Edit: I just talked to someone involved in the decommissioning of Pilgrim about this and they said that the tritium release from Pilgrim was likely due to the evaporation from spent fuel pools.  So I was incorrect in my original statement.

As a point of interest Pilgrim and Fukushima are incredibly similar in design.

I was also somewhat off in my timescale.  The push to shut Pilgrim down was from 2010-2012 primarily.
Well that sounds strange what do they want them to do with it then?
Boil it.
/s
Are these the same guys that are trying to tell me 5G is ruining my DNA and rare earth crystals have healing powers? Yeah, I know those dudes!
Read the article?? Who's got time for that when we are all trying to share our ill informed opinions and having pointless arguments with strangers over the Internet!?
"Nuclear" and "radiation" are keywords used in headlines to get people riled up. People are too dumb to read and form their own opinion on the hazard level.
Jesus that's a terrible and clickbaity title.
right - really shows what influences people's worldview.
The squeaky wheel gets the grease. $$$
Ok let’s talk about this, and why it may not be as big a deal as we think. After further investigation I want to bring some things to light.

[Source](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/energy/why-japan-is-dumping-water-from-fukushima-into-the-sea/2021/08/26/4648e788-0649-11ec-b3c4-c462b1edcfc8_story.html) for some of the numerics

This really is not a huge deal. The OP posted article says the water contains “radionuclides” as if there’s Cesium-137 in it. No, couldn’t be farther from the truth. There’s no fission products or other nasty transuranics in there.  

All that’s in the water is Tritium (3H). Spicy hydrogen. Half life is like 15 years, strictly beta emitter. Not a big deal. Also it states the very highest concentration recorded is 2.5 million Bq (becquerels). Which sounds scary until you realize that’s only 67 microCuries. Elevated? Yes. Dangerous? No. Especially when you consider that once dispersed into the pacific, the concentration will be so low it’ll be identical to the standard background level of radioactivity. (Yes, waters naturally a little radioactive). I respect everyone’s opinion on this, but I would like to put my two sense in and say do not panic.

Last thing I will say here: (no political)
OP article is from Civilbeat.org
This is openly a far “left” or progressive news organization. You can verify this on Wikipedia, allsides, mediabiasfactcheck, and even on their own website. Which is PERFECTLY FINE, the more diverse views on topics like this, the better we the public will be informed and will be able to see the facts.

I just want to put it out there that media outlets such as this one specifically, (traditionally) inherently have an anti-nuclear agenda (nuclear power!, not weapons, we all hate nuclear weapons). Throwing words like “radionuclides”, “radiation”, and “becquerels” is a great way to instill nuclear fear. 
